c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.deps.json
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.dll
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.pdb
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.Common.dll
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.DataContracts.dll
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.IoC.Configuration.dll
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.Services.dll
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.Common.pdb
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.DataContracts.pdb
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.Services.pdb
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.IoC.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.dll
c:\users\dreamsketcher\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApi\DotNetCore.API.Common1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetCore.API.Common1.API.pdb
